there were 24 kidnappings in Mexico City
in the last six days have you protected
a lot of children before mr. Creason
body God's got to be close to people you
know I'm not good at that you're the
silent I'm we're gonna appreciate that
16 years of military experience
extensive counterterrorism work what
happened to your hands birth defect it's
not no more question that's it period
you hear me Peter just wants to be
friends
I regret that your profession needs to
exist sorry why my dream he's like a
bear yeah big sad bear good things
happen to person yeah like way
like meeting me Gracie you're smiling
[Music]
I'm gonna go get her
anyone who gets in my way anybody who
profited from it anybody who opens their
eyes at me
you can tell me about Lizzie I'd like to
understand him
a man can be an honest
it depends on how good he is and it
creases artists death he's about to
paint his masterpiece
[Music]
you